                                   #The Ring Of Gyges
  The "Ring of Gyges" is a mental experiment that first appeared in Plato's "Politeia" (375 BC).
In this book, Plato expresses two quite different views on justice, namely whether it is a mere 
creation of man for a better functioning of society, which is taught but observed only when the 
subject is under scrutiny, and therefore there is a possibility of being criticized if his 
actions do not follow the stereotypical definition of what is acceptable and what is not, or if 
it is a true human emotion and instinct, which overcomes the selfish temptation of each 
individual to think only of his own self-interest, and not of the negative effects his actions 
may create on others.

  The question is: "If you were given a magic ring that made you invisible, and you could do 
anything you wanted without anyone knowing, how would you use its power?" To represent these 
two extreme views, and to emphasize the contrast between them, Plato uses his old teacher, 
Socrates, and Glaucon, a fictional character. Socrates argues that justice is not just what 
people in power define, but something much deeper and more complex, not dependent on personal 
gain. Glaucon, cynical and skeptical, on the other hand, tells us a very different story and 
questions the absolute honesty and sense of justice of men, in which Socrates believes so much. 
He sadly argues that the moment the powers of the ring appeared, everyone would neglect whatever 
moral lessons they had been taught during their lives, and follow only their own wills and 
self-interest. In the event that there was indeed a man who would neglect his ego and not use 
that power for evil of any kind, then he would undoubtedly be a particularly foolish man!
  
  What I've concluded above is one of the greatest works on a subject that I think people don't 
study enough. We should all be asking ourselves questions like this, not for the sake of someone 
else, but to understand ourselves just a little better. By asking these questions, we unearth a 
darker side of ourselves, and this can undoubtedly be painful, and often narrow and frustrating. 
But the truth is that without these thoughts, these conversations with ourselves, this "ugly" side 
of us shows up, and we don't know how to deal with it. In fact, many times we don't even acknowledge 
it. I think everyone should take the time to define their principles, what they want to be and how 
they can achieve it. We are all tempted, and we all have a sense of fairness to some degree. That's 
why I believe that in reality, these two views are equally bizarre. Man is an unpredictable and 
bipolar being. And the real question is, which side will we show. From a young age we are taught to 
hide our "ugly" side, to pretend it doesn't even exist. And somehow, as the years go by, we forget it. 
But if we were freed from the gaze and criticism of others, that pressed side would be in much greater 
need of release than if we had worked it out as it should be. That's why I think most people would use 
these powers for evil purposes. However, those who truly studied themselves, with every flaw, would be 
much less likely to not understand how these actions go against their morals, principles, and humanity.
